When you lay awake at night, your brain is that one guy at the sleepover that all the other organs wish would shut up and go to sleep.
If I can make a few people smile or laugh by saying some dumb stuff on the Internet, then that's good enough for me.
"Newborn baby smell" is probably just what the inside of a uterus smells like.
Lions can jump 36 feet in one bound and we attribute this fun fact to every single lion. We don't say "humans can dunk" and attribute that to every single human.
When people tell you you look good with a beard, they're really saying they like seeing less of your face.
Pandas are alive because of pity.
Cooking is one of the only activities where doing it "like a grandma" is a good thing.
We should keep giraffes a secret from children. Imagine discovering giraffes when you were 15. "Woah! Check out that long necked horse!
Self-driving cars will turn the rest of the Fast and Furious franchise into a series of hacker movies.
looney tunes would be a good name for a canadian music service that cost a dollar
Some Alligators can grow up to 14 feet but most only have 4.
Yelling at a dog to stop barking doesn't work. The dog probably just thinks, "Awesome, now we're both barking!"
If you give birth to twin girls on a solstice, you've got yourself a pair of solstisters
TV & movie characters would die a lot less if they could hear that creepy background music
Apple's head quaters should be called the apple core
Production companies and cinemas should advertise when a movie is leaving the theaters so people will go see it before its gone.
If whoever smelt it dealt it is true, police dogs should go to prison.
My contacts list looks more like a museum of people I talked to at some point in my life.
My fingers are very slowly 3D printing my fingernails.
April Fool's Day is the only day of the year when people critically evaluate news articles before accepting them as true.
If people could fly we would probably consider it exercise and we wouldn't do it.
A polo referee should ride a zebra
I love talking to myself because I don't get interrupted
I have fallen asleep over 10 thousand times, but I'm still not quite sure how I do it
Trees are just backwards lungs. Both functionally, and structurally.
Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is?
Your stomach acid can dissolve metal but not corn.
How many people will travel at 88 mph on October 21st 2015?
It actually bothers me that there are thousands of really really good songs I will never listen to.
It is difficult to make things easy but it is easy to make things difficult.
do you ever think deaf people read the lyrics for top 40 songs and think, maybe being deaf isn't that bad after all.
I wonder if anyone ever fake sneezes in front of the Pope.
If another country goes to the moon and knocks over the USA flag I would bet the US is crazy enough to send people back to the moon just to fix it and put the flag up right again.
You usually don't consciously realize that you have peripheral vision unless you're using a urinal in the public bathroom because that's when you're actually actively trying NOT to use it
In the future, people will probably find themselves negotiating with AI alarm clocks for more sleep.
My 1.5 year-old has no idea that his mother or I sleep.
It was the Middle Ages. There's no way Rapunzel didn't have lice.
We call our ancestors our roots but in family trees they are shown as branches.
Gonna name my next dog "5 miles" so I can tell people I walk 5 miles every day
if two vegans are mad at each other is it still considered beef?
Head and shoulders should make a body wash called knees and toes
I never see anything healthy or good for you littered on the street. Its always beer cans, cigarette packs, or fast food garbage. Never, like, an empty bag of organic carrots
If reincarnation does exist, I want to be reincarnated as a fly just to see if it really is that difficult to escape from my bedroom.
Art is how we decorate space; music is how we decorate time.
If pigs could fly just imagine how good their wings would taste.
The ice cream truck is a true test of how fast you can get out of your home in an emergency.
For a company that started out by mailing you DVDs, Netflix has a remarkably appropriate name for what they have become.
1 ton of cows is not a lot of cows
Imagine being the person to tell a deaf person that farts make noise
GoFundMe should automatically put up rejected ideas on a wall of shame called "GoFundYourself."
The reason the washing machine only eats one sock is because when it eats the whole pair I never notice.
Maybe Antman was in the Avengers movies the whole time but we just never saw him
Carrot juice is technically also orange juice
There's probably a few sets of twins that were switched with each other at birth and the parents permanently call them the wrong name.
I wonder if giraffes get hit by lightning often.
The entire reason we go on our phones on the toilet is too help pass time, yet it always makes us stay on the toilet longer than we should have
The alphanumeric "m9" looks like a tiny sideways elephant.
If cheese smells like cheese it smells good but if anything smells like cheese it smells bad.
The number 14233221 describes itself; it has one four, two threes, three twos, and two ones.
Is the S or C silent in Scent?
If I ever open a record store it will be named, "The Vinyl Countdown."
When Bill Gates 'feels like a million bucks' he's having a horrible day
The only difference between tacos and nachos is entropy
Where does a bald person's face end?
Before video cameras, no one has ever seen themselves blink
What if the dryer adds one sock every time? All these years we villainize it as a sock-thief, and it was just trying to be nice.
Getting a job at Apple means you are doing really well if you live in America and really bad if you live in China.
I have never seen a baby pigeon
Me wrapping a dead cockroach in a paper towel, tossing it in the bin with all of my food scraps, then sealing the garbage bag is like giving the roach an ancient Egyptian burial in its perspective.
Waldo's mom must be worried sick.
Arnold Schwarzenegger should sponsor a blood drive with the slogan, "Come with me if you want to give."
There's probably a number between 1 and 1,000 that I've never said before.
The makers of the film "Groundhog Day" should announce a sequel, and then just re-release the original.
There's a lot of social pressure to "rescue" a shelter pet instead of going to a breeder, but none to adopt a kid in foster care instead of making a new one.
Socializing is like going to the gym for me. I know it's good for me and once I'm doing it, I actually enjoy it, but I will try every excuse in the book to avoid it.
Have you noticed how guys always shake their gas pistol when they are finished and women don't?
If sports broadcasts don't show fans who run on the field to discourage future offenders, why does the media show endless coverage of shooters/mass murderers?
My smoke detector is better at telling me I am a terrible cook than it is at telling me my house is on fire.
The skinnier somebody is, the less skin they have.
Most people are buried in suits and stuff, so the zombie apocalypse would be a massive formal event.
The letter B in the word "subtle" is doing a nice job of it.
They tell us not to run in the event of a fire, yet on the fire exit signs that guy is running.
If the oldest person on earth was born 112 years and 185 days ago, then 112 years and 186 days ago, there was a completely different set of people on the planet compared to now.
"High School is the best time of your life" must be the most discouraging thing most people have heard their parents tell them
The hardest one-syllable word to say out loud is "sixths"
For Halloween I'll dress as J Jonah Jameson and every time I see a Spider-Man I'll yell "PARKER. WHERE ARE YOU? TAKE A PICTURE!"
There are dogs that understand more Spanish than me.
Of the five senses, sight is the only one that can be turned off.
drinking water is 60% cannibalism
There should be a hair salon for introverts where all the stylists are comfortable with silence.
Those mini candy bars should not be called "Fun Size." A candy bar the size of my coffee table would be fun size.
I think the year 2020 will bring huge discounts in laser eye surgery.
if you make a hole in a net, there are less holes than you began with
A cell phone doesn't seem that heavy till you drop it on your face while laying down.
The sentence "I never said she stole my bike" can be read with seven different meanings, depending on which word you emphasize.
If peoples' license plate numbers were their phone numbers, everyone would be a way better driver
A clock basically high fives itself every hour
Losing 20 pounds in the US is way better than in the UK
If a linkin park song plays in the forest and there's no one around to hear it, in the end, does it even matter?
Did paper planes exist before real ones? What were they called?
For-profit prisons should be paid based on whether the inmates get reformed. They should have to house repeat offenders for free.
Art is how we decorate space. Music is how we decorate time.
If you were born deaf, what language would you think in ?
BMW could save money by not installing turn indicators, and nobody would notice.
I wish that when I lay down for bed I feel as comfy as I do when I first wake up in the morning.
When a plane lands in Amsterdam its a touchdown in a dutch town
Every time I play the lottery, a copy of me becomes a millionaire in an alternative universe.
snapchat and timehop need to unite. imagine sending yourself a picture or video you can only open within a year or two
Before cameras nobody could see what they looked like with their eyes closed
Reddit is like Whos Line is It Anyway?, everything is made up and the points don't matter
If I could persuade people as well as my early-morning brain persuades me to go back to sleep, I could get anything I ever wanted.
All humans want is an excuse to be silly. Children act silly because they don't need an excuse yet. Young adults use alcohol as an excuse to be silly. Parents use their children as an excuse to be silly. And then old people just use being old as an excuse to be silly.
Parenting a toddler is like being on suicide watch 12 hours a day. If you take your eyes off them for more than a few seconds, they'll find a way to kill themselves.
There are probably more Panda Express restaurants in the world than actual pandas.
The internet has too many people trying to teach and not enough people trying to learn.
Security cameras are a scarecrow for humans
If I were a cop, I'd drive an unmarked car with a "honk if you're drunk" bumper sticker.
I wonder how many rappers are just playing GTA and writing about it
A group of squid should be called a squad.
How important does a person have to be for their murder to be called an assassination?
While asleep, our brains are capable of assembling complex narratives set in fantastical worlds; populating them with beings and structures, all perfectly animated and rendered... While awake, we're lucky if we can draw a decent stick figure.
We bake cookies and cook bacon.
Lab rats have better access to medicine than most humans.
The file extension for a 3D printable object should be .irl
Why is it people often ask, "where will I go when I die," but rarely ask, "where was I before I was born"?
In 100 years, people will probably still use the term 'MacGyver it' for using ingenuity in order to fix a problem using only the tools at hand, but they will have no idea where the term comes from.
If you throw a paper airplane, it's still considered stationary.
There are more skeletons than people
Crips must hate this blood moon.
Apple is the only kind of sauce that's eaten all by itself.
There are places in the Australian outback where if you are there at the right time the closest person to you will be an astronaut on the ISS.
The end goal of technology is magic.
Someone should sell cheap, disposable alarm clocks that you can smash to pieces when you wake up in a bad mood.
As an adult, the bathroom at work is the equivalent of a blanket fort.
The NASA find of water on Mars made the movie "The Martian" scientifically outdated before its official theater release.
As a kid I would brag about staying up past 11. As an adult I brag about getting to sleep before 11.
Why aren't iPhone chargers called apple juice?
When information was difficult to obtain, college was cheap. Now that information is easy to access, college tuition has skyrocketed.
I'm not positive on my age, I just trust everyone around me is telling the truth about when I was born.
Why aren't corn mazes just called "maizes"?
We never stop clapping, we just really, really slooooooooooow down.
We can drink a drink, but we can't food a food
Self-driving cars could deliver themselves.
"Is anyone downloading something?" is just the 21rst century version of "Is someone using hot water?"
We say it's sunny outside during the day, but never say it's moony at night
Telephone numbers in movies and TV shows should abandon the "555" convention and instead direct viewers to charity donation hotlines
Weird Al Yankovic should release a serious song on April fools day
If I had an identical twins that was 5 minutes younger than me, I'd constantly tell them "when I was your age I..." then proceed to tell them what I was doing 5 minutes ago.
'Staring at your phone all day' has completely reversed its meaning. Used to mean you were anxiously waiting to hear from someone. Now it means ignoring everyone around you.
Do college math majors graduate with degrees or radians?
I think Google Glass would have been more popular if they'd named it Googly Eyes.
If chickens descended from dinosaurs, is chicken the flavor of dinosaurs?
If there were a competition for most jealous person, would the runner up automatically win?
In 100 years, exploring today's google street view would feel like time machine
If only we could remove our arms before we went to bed.
I wonder if spiders compare web sizes. "Wow man, you live in a mansion" Thanks dude, I built it myself.
How many animals did we try to ride before we got the right one.
People who say "hate to say I told you so" rarely hate to say it.
I wonder if I've ever spent the same dollar twice...
Somewhere out there there's a couple who holds the record for the longest time spent trying to find one another in the grocery store.
Vegans only eat plants which thrive off nutrients from dead animals. They are the ultimate passive agressivore.
The continent with the highest IQ per person at any time is antarctica.
The loudest way to open a bag of chips is to try and open them quietly
Blood is thicker than water but maple syrup is thicker than blood so technically pancakes are more important than family.
The Chinese should name a city 'USA' so they can label their products 'Made in USA'.
The last four letters in the word 'queue' are not silent; they're just waiting their turn
As I get older, birthday parties are less about presents and more about presence.
When we defy the laws of physics, we actually are defining more laws of physics.
A snowman is a body of water.
Based on the amount of time spent learning "Stop, Drop, and Roll" I really thought I'd catch on fire more often.
Whoever named " Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia" (The phobia of long words), is a wanker
If you get along with your kid, you've literally made a friend.
Vegans won't eat food that animals suffered to make, but they'll buy iPhones that children suffered to make.
You can always tell when they use fake dinosaurs in movies
In modern society, the best way to not leave a paper trail, is by actually writing something down on paper.
If Jesus was born 200 years ago instead of 2000, people would have a noose on their walls instead of a cross. Some would have a bloody mannequin hanging from it.
The magic school bus is the only bus I've ever seen that actually has seatbelts.
Saying Okay Google is essentially the equivalent of saying Go Go Gadget Phone
If fish keep declining, future generations will think "plenty of fish in the sea" is a sarcastic quip meaning they will never find anyone.
I wonder if I've bought the clothes I will die in.
Vampires would be the perfect astronauts. They can't suffocate, they're immune to cosmic radiation and a 1000 year old vampire wouldn't go insane on a 3 year flight to Mars.
There are two kinds of jobs. Jobs where you shower before and jobs where you shower after.
If Pinocchio was real, and had his nose-growing "curse", then due to his ability to invalidate any statement immediately, he would be the greatest asset ever to the field of science.
I've spent my entire life looking at faces, and I can't even draw one.
More people would try vegetarian meals if they stopped trying to fake everything as some sort of meat. It's ok vegetables, you can be yourselves.
The Milky Way galaxy may be the only galaxy with actual milk in it.
Why haven't they designed an elevator where pressing a button a second time deselects that floor?
The underside of all vehicle hoods should be one giant infographic explaining basic troubleshooting and roadside repair instructions for the vehicle.
Eating grilled cheese with tomato soup is just a sneaky way of eating pizza
Ironically, the sound of the house settling is one of the most unsettling sounds made by the house.
Everyone agreeing to follow time zones is the closest thing we have to world peace
The first eighteen years of your life are like a free trial, and after that it's pay to play.
I should take POV videos of myself doing normal things throughout a day, my 80 yr old future self will love to binge watch these.
Schools in the Marvel Universe will have the coolest history lessons
The new Google car should have a "I'm feeling lucky" feature that takes you too a random location to have fun at.
With the growing spread of emoticons and emojis, we are slowing reverting back to hieroglyphics.
I wonder whether the verb version of "pet" came first, or the noun version. Do we pet things because we have pets, or do we have pets because we pet things?
I'd love to wear a Yelp hat and a TripAdvisor polo during my next vacation to see if I received a different level of service.
The cover band for Garbage should be called Recycling.
Mario is probably homeless, he wears the same clothes everyday, runs around in sewers, beats up people for money and spends it on mushrooms.
If I was born after nine months, and an hour before me, a premature baby was born after seven-and-a-half months, they would be older than me despite existing for a shorter period of time.
If an actor reads a book after they've already filmed the movie, do they imagine themselves as the character?
In all my life I have probably seen over ten thousand squirrels wandering around. Never once have I seen one pooping.
My laptop should have "cat mode" which disables the keyboard before my cat walks on it and ruins what I'm working on
If someone asked me if I liked shampoo, I would respond with, unconditionally.
Farts are like children. I'm proud of mine and disgusted by yours.
I'm pretty sure boneless wings are just fancy chicken nuggets
A canibal would have a really hard time finding organic human.
Pizza's eaten from the inside out.
You can burp in your mouth, but you can't fart in your butt.
How bad was the accident that caused the "Don't run with scissors" rule to be so widely enforced?
Do you think service dogs judge my dog for being unemployed?
Don't use the bathroom in your dream. It's a setup.
What if every time it feels like there's something crawling on your leg and nothing is there, it's actually the ghost of a spider you killed in the past trying to haunt you
For the good of everyone, Google should lie to people about what the best route is on google maps to evenly distribute the traffic.
Jedi always bring a knife to a gun fight.
I wonder if I'll ever have to write Earth at the bottom of a postal address
I wonder if there are any times on the clock that I have never seen.
A pop tart without frosting is a pop tart without the top part.
If all my atoms are replaced, am I still me? Yes. I am not the water. I am the wave.
Every morning I wake up and catch my brain closing some really weird open tabs. But when I check the history, my brain's been on incognito mode all night.
Let us take a moment to appreciate the horse, the most farted upon creature ever.
If you switched bodies with someone, would you write with your handwriting or theirs?
2013 was the first year since 1987 to have 4 different numbers.
The most common animal in zoos? Humans.
I envy furry animals because they can "feel the wind in their hair" over their entire bodies...
I wonder if any of my ancestors hunted with one my dogs ancestors.
Jack White and Jack Black should start a band called Jack Grey
Horrible and horrific have similar meanings, but terrible and terrific have very different meanings.
Dead songwriters are decomposers.
Before I was born, I was just a man trapped in a woman's body.
Would a radioactive cat have 18 half lives?
I wish GPS had a "Fog of War" option. That way I could easily discover new places.
'Swallow your pride' is pretty bad advice to give to a lion
Sending your navy to sit in international waters just off a country's coastline is the world's highest-stakes game of "I'm not touching you"
If we have non-sticky pans, we can also create non-sticky toilets.
If life gives you melons you're probably dyslexic
Amazon should have an option to donate to charity if your short on free shipping
If you trust people as far as you can throw them that would make babies very trustworthy.
What if hipsters are all time travelers, and they just use the phrase "You probably haven't heard of it" to cover up slips when they reference something that's not big yet?
Blankets don't keep us warm, we keep blankets warm.
After everyone transforms back into a human at the end of Beauty and the Beast, it must have cost a fortune to restock the castle with lighting, furniture, and cookware.
Another word for guns is arms. Another word for arms are guns.
I wonder how many people got a speeding ticket for 88mph on the 21th of October 2015
I'm not sure if my dog likes belly rubs or just thinks I like giving them and just wants to make me happy.
I am not the Excel Guru everyone at work thinks me to be. I am the Google Search Master. Which I rate just as highly.
The limbo dance is one of the only times when setting the bar low actually raises people's expectations.
Kids raised by gay men have to deal with twice as many dad jokes.
If your apartment is hit by a dolphin, DO NOT GO OUT TO SEE IF THE DOLPHIN IS OKAY. That's how the hurricane tricks you into coming outside.
They should make a food network reality show where amateurs judge professional chef's meals based on their own subjective criteria.
I bet giraffes don't even know what a fart smells like
I've used my driver's license more to buy alcohol than to prove I'm a registered driver.
Forty is the only number that is in alphabetical order.
The worst part about parents who don't vaccinate is an underlying prejudice against the autistic; they'd rather risk a dead child instead of an autistic child.
If lightsabers ever get mass produced the company's name should be Sith & Wesson.
Ironically, The One Ring from Lord of The Rings is probably the most replicated ring ever.
We are all colorblind relative to a mantis shrimp.
It took me 16 years to realise Saturday has turd in it
Someone should start a knockoff electric car company called "Edison" where they rebrand and resell Teslas
If the goverment is hiding the knowledge of aliens from us, they must be doing a much better job of it than they seem to do at anything else.
If Spider-Man lived in the suburbs he's have to take a bus to the crimes because none of the buildings would be tall enough for him to web swing.
We'll never have to iron again if everyone agrees that wrinkled clothes are in style.
I bet a heroin junkie could find a needle in a haystack.
Lawyers, as a group, only have a 50% success rate
United States of America should have its name changed to American Territorial Organization, so that the president could be referred to as POTATO.
The human brain can imagine things like the Lord Of The Rings and Star Wars and Interstellar, yet it cannot imagine a new colour or a new smell.
Batman's only superpower is infinite money.
I bet farts are the longest running joke throughout time.
Putting socks to the washer is like sending soldiers to war. You know beforehand that not all of them are going to make it back.
In a post-apocalyptic environment, would chocolate coins be more valuable than actual gold coins?
I wonder if tall people are grossed out by the tops of other people's refrigerators.
I wonder if I've ever eaten an egg that came from a chicken I ate.
I used to hold the record for youngest person on earth
As a kid, I wished I was an adult so that I could eat Pizza and Ice Cream for dinner everyday. Now that I'm an adult, I still wish that I could eat Pizza and Ice Cream for dinner everyday.
Walking a mile in another person's shoes only takes like twenty-thirty minutes, tops. Is that really enough time to get to understand someone?
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson should make a cookbook so we can finally smell what he's been cooking.
Half of Blink 182 is Wink 91
It would be a shame if porcupines like being pet more than any other animal
A little kid is like a person playing an RPG for the first time, they pick up everything they see and don't do anything with it.
I wounder if years from now light-bulbs will be romantic in the way candles are now
If our ISP's cap data, ads should be considered theft.
When dogs meet other dogs, do they know when they are meeting the same breed?
Childrens drawings looks like adults signatures.
RIP boiling water. You'll be mist.
The game 20 questions is a search algorithm.
Every "secure" website: "The password you've chosen is too similar to a password you may actually be able to remember. We require you to select a password you will never remember."
Growing up I lost my Teleportation powers, when I used to fall asleep watching cartoons and magically appear as snugged in the bed.
The nice thing about pooping at a bowling alley is that nobody can tell who you are by your shoes.
Midterms should be called semi-finals
Having a newborn is like owning an old car. You're constantly taking them in for maintenance. You routinely have to diagnose strange noises and deal with unexpected leaks.
Like 13 is a "baker's dozen", 128 should be called a "computer's hundred".
Somewhere in the world there is a baby stronger than all other babies.
Al Pacino sounds more like a food modifier than a name. "I'll have the spaghetti al pacino."
There would be fewer wars if it was a requirement for leaders of countries to fight alongside their men.
Given that earth is about 2/3 water, it's strange that the dominant species is a land dweller.
If the American flag was lowered to half-staff after every mass shooting this year, it wouldn't have flown at full-staff at all.
If I have a daughter, I'd name her Lizard and then call her Liz, so then people would think her name was short for Elizabeth and she would have to explain that I called her Lizard.
I want an app called "The Fonz" that plays random music when I pound the table next to my phone.
The word "swims" is the same upside down
I really hope that the Internet will become more mature by the year 2069.
You never really think about how long 20 seconds is until you are standing in front of the microwave and have to pee.
They should make digital speed limit signs and change them regularly based on the weather, condition of the road, and amount of traffic
My food has probably seen more of the world than I have.
After overhearing a girl ask if cocaine was gluten free, I think I'm officially done with LA.
The cure for cancer could be in the mind of someone who can't afford an education.
The worst time to have a heart attack would be during a game of charades
I'd be pretty pissed if I accidentally left a package somewhere and found out the police "detonated" it when I went back to get it
I think from now on, I'm going to sing about my problems. Whenever I talk about them, people are like, "Shut up Tim, everyone has problems." Nobody ever says that to Adele.
If anything terrible should ever happen to Weird Al, God forbid, there should be a tribute concert where artists perform Al's versions of their songs.
A safe way to work some kinks out of self-driving cars would be to first invent some self returning shopping carts.
I bet when tap dancers walk into a room with a nice floor they think, "I'd tap that."
If my parents had named me "Pepper", I'd have been much more enthusiastic about pursuing a PhD.
Why don't pizza companies have icecream -style trucks drive around in the evenings making pizzas on request? I would come running if I heard the Pizza Van playing greensleeves in our street.
If my wife made Whiskey, I'd love her still.
There should be an "Olympics of Music" where every country sends its best musicians to compete in a Battle of the Bands. Music brings us together.
"Hello" by Adele is going to be eerie when it comes on the radio after she dies some day.
I bet Dog Heaven is located directly underneath Toddlers Eating Messily At A Table Heaven.
Having depression is like being your own bully
If we can make dog whistles that only dogs hear, why don't we make squeaky toys that don't bother us?
A group of starfish should be called a galaxy
A thousand seconds ago, I was on Reddit. A million seconds ago, I was at work last week. A billion seconds ago, I was in 7th grade. A trillion seconds ago, Neanderthals roamed the earth.
People who sleepwalk should keep their fitbits on at night.
If I used the term "Walmart sized people", you'd know exactly who I was talking about.
Every shoe in the world is one foot long.
